feat: simple JSON Schema validator utility (#153)
awslabs/aws-lambda-powertools-python: docs/content/utilities/validation.mdx

Use `powertools_base64_gzip` function to decompress and decode base64 data.

This sample will decompress and decode base64 data, then use JMESPath pipeline expression to pass the result for decoding its JSON string.

```python:title=powertools_json_jmespath_function.py
from aws_lambda_powertools.utilities.validation import validate

json_schema_dict = {..}
sample_event = {
    "data": "H4sIACZAXl8C/52PzUrEMBhFX2UILpX8tPbHXWHqIOiq3Q1F0ubrWEiakqTWofTdTYYB0YWL2d5zvnuTFellBIOedoiyKH5M0iwnlKH7HZL6dDB6ngLDfLFYctUKjie9gHFaS/sAX1xNEq525QxwFXRGGMEkx4Th491rUZdV3YiIZ6Ljfd+lfSyAtZloacQgAkqSJCGhxM6t7cwwuUGPz4N0YKyvO6I9WDeMPMSo8Z4Ca/kJ6vMEYW5f1MX7W1lVxaG8vqX8hNFdjlc0iCBBSF4ERT/3Pl7RbMGMXF2KZMh/C+gDpNS7RRsp0OaRGzx0/t8e0jgmcczyLCWEePhni/23JWalzjdu0a3ZvgEaNLXeugEAAA=="
}

def handler(event, context):
	validate(event=event, schema=json_schema_dict, envelope="powertools_base64_gzip(data) | powertools_json(@)") # highlight-line
	return event

handler(event=sample_event, context={})
```

## Bring your own JMESPath function

<Note type="warning">
    This should only be used for advanced use cases where you have special formats not covered by the built-in functions.
    <br/><br/>

>     This will <strong>replace all built-in functions provided with what you provide</strong>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This will <strong>replace all provided built-in functions such as `powertools_json`, so you will no longer be able to use them</strong>.
```
